Adding override option for the resource limits and ephemeral-storage (#306)
hivemq/helm-charts: charts/hivemq-platform-operator/templates/NOTES.txt

The Operator is not configured to create the RBAC permissions (Role and RoleBinding) for the ServiceAccount of the HiveMQ Platform Pods.
Please make sure the HiveMQ Platform Helm charts values.yaml configures a ServiceAccount (see nodes.serviceAccountName) with sufficient RBAC permissions to list, get and watch Pods.
{{- end }}
{{- if .Values.resources.overrideLimits }}

*** Warning ***

> `resources.overrideLimits` is meant to be used for testing purposes only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`resources.overrideLimits` is not recommended for production use cases and may lead to unpredictable memory and cpu allocation for pods.
```

> Overriding resources limits in production environments might lead to unpredictable results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
